\documentclass[11pt,a4paper,notitlepage]{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amsfonts}
\usepackage{amssymb}
\usepackage{enumitem}
\author{Clay McGinnis}
\title{Constitution of the Missouri University of Science and Technology Student Chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery}
\begin{document}
\maketitle



% TODO: INSERT INSIGNIA
\section*{ARTICLE I - NAME, INSIGNIA, AND AFFILIATION}
\begin{enumerate}[label=\Alph*.]
  \item The name of this organization shall be the Missouri University of
  Science and Technology Student Chapter of the Association for Computing
  Machinery, hereinafter referred to as MST ACM.
  \item The insignia of the organization shall be a blue square with rounded
    corners, tilted 45 degrees with an inner circle, also blue, and a white
    stroke surrounding the inner circle. TODO
  \item MST ACM will be affiliated with the Association for Computing Machinery.
\end{enumerate}


% TODO edit this
\section*{ARTICLE II - AIMS AND OBJECTIVE OF THE ORGANIZATION}
\subsection{Mission}
Enrich the college experience and foster the next generation of innovators by
hosting talks, competitions, and workshops that provide real-world learning
opportunities and networking.
\subsection{Aims and Objectives}
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item To promote a greater interest in computing machinery and its
      applications.
      \item To provide students with the opportunity to improve their skills in
      computing through real-world experiences.
      \item To create a fair and inclusive community of computing students with
      like-minded interests.
    \end{enumerate}


% TODO edit this
\section*{ARTICLE III - MEMBERSHIP}
\begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
  \item Qualifications
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\alph*.]
      \item In order to be a member, individuals must meet one of the following
      criteria.
        \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
          \item Student at Missouri University of Science and Technology.
          \item Faculty and staff members of Missouri University of Science and
          Technology.
        \end{enumerate}
    \end{enumerate}
  \item Classes of Membership
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item The following are the classes of membership within MST ACM.
        \begin{enumerate}[label=\alph*.]
          \item Member
            \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
              \item All persons who fit the above criteria and have paid their
              local dues are given the right to vote, speak, and run for officer
              positions.
            \end{enumerate}
          \item Advisors
            \begin{enumerate}[label=\alph*.]
              \item All faculty approved by the Board (TODO: add links) to
              advise operations of committees or ACM as a whole. Members of this
              category have the right to speak.
            \end{enumerate}
        \end{enumerate}
    \end{enumerate}
\end{enumerate}

% TODO: Add procedures section for removal of members


% TODO edit this
\section*{ARTICLE IV - Officers}
\begin{enumerate}[label=\Alph*.]
  \item Officer Positions
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item President
      \item Vice-President Internal
      \item Vice-President External
      \item Treasurer
      \item Secretary/Event Coordinator
      % Rename Secretary
    \end{enumerate}
  \item Executive Board
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item The Executive Board shall consist of the current officers, committee
      chairpersons, appointed representatives of committees, and Advisors. The
      new Executive Board shall take effect immediately following the
      installation of officers.
    \end{enumerate}
  \item Qualifications of all officer positions
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item 2.75 minimum cumulative GPA
      \item ACM Member as specified in section III 2.1.a.1
      % Be sure to update section stuff, CROSSREFERENCES
      \item $\geq{1}$ semester in active participation of one of the committees
    \end{enumerate}
  \item Qualifications of President position
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      % Be sure to update section stuff, CROSSREFERENCES
      \item $\geq{1}$ semester in the executive board of ACM
    \end{enumerate}
  \item Qualifications of Vice Predident roles
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      % Be sure to update section stuff, CROSSREFERENCES
      \item $\geq{2}$ semesters of active participation of one of the committees
      \item $\geq{1}$ semester of experience serving in an officer position in
      any Missouri S\&T RSO
    \end{enumerate}
 
  \item Define the term of the office
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item Any one member may not hold the same office for more than two
      academic years, consecutive or non-consecutive.
    \end{enumerate}
  \item Duties and Responsibilities of Officers (list the duties and
  responsibilities of each officer below)
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item All officers are responsible for (insert responsibilities)
      \item President:
        \begin{enumerate}[label=\alph*.]
          \item (insert responsibility)
          \item (insert responsibility)
          \item Etc.
        \end{enumerate}
      \item Vice President
        \begin{enumerate}[label=\alph*.]
          \item (insert responsibility)
          \item (insert responsibility)
          \item Etc.
        \end{enumerate}
      \item Etc.
        \begin{enumerate}[label=\alph*.]
          \item (insert responsibility)
          \item (insert responsibility)
          \item Etc.
        \end{enumerate}
    \end{enumerate}
  \item Define election process for officers
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item Elections will occur once in an academic year during the spring
      semester. Nominations will begin in the first week of April.
      \item Nominations will be made through an online form available to all ACM
      members and committee members. The nomination period shall last one week
      from when the public announcement is emailed to all persons on the ACM
      general email list.
      \item Election announcements (specify timing, length of notification
      period, and specific notification process that will be utilized to let
      students know that elections will be occurring and when).
      \item Election announcements will occur on the 
      \item Type of voting and vote needed for election (specify actual voting
      procedures, including:  Who is able to vote; what type of vote will take
      place (i.e. secret ballet, who of hands, verbal vote, acclamation, etc.);
      whether quorum is required; the percentage of votes necessary for an
      election to be called; procedures in the case of a tie or really close
      vote.
    \end{enumerate}
  \item Describe how vacancies are filled (specify procedures for this process.
  Be sure to include the same amount of detail as in the previous election
  section.  If you choose you may utilize the same election procedures to fill a
  vacancy, someone may be determined to appoint individuals to fill a vacancy,
  or maybe someone assumes the role and elections are held for the vacated
  position (i.e. if President position becomes vacant, the Vice President may
  assume the position and an election will be held to fill the Vice President
  Position).
  \item Method of impeachment (Must ensure due process)
    \begin{enumerate}[label=\arabic*.]
      \item Grounds for removal
      \item Process for removal
      \item Due process for accused (ie the opportunity to speak in their
      defense) and appeals process
      \item Vote \% required to remove the accused.
    \end{enumerate}
  \end{enumerate}






The essential officers may at their discretion create non-essential officer
positions to delegate tasks to as they see fit. Officers must be Members who are
currently enrolled Students. Election of officers shall take place every year.
All officers shall be elected near the end of the spring semester and shall
begin their term in office effective May 1st. Should a position on the Executive
Council become open during the year, nominations shall be held at the first
meeting following the position becoming open and shall remain open for a week.
An election shall be held at the second meeting following the position becoming
open and shall remain open for a week. A person may hold the office of President
or Vice-President only if he/she is a member who is at least a Junior by
credit-hours during the year in which he/she serves. Nominations will be held at
the second to last meeting of the Spring semester by method of general floor
nomination or by electronic submission if done electronically. The list of
nominations shall he published along with the notice for the last meeting of the
Spring semester. Election of officers for the following academic year shall take
place at the last meeting of the Spring semester. The voting shall be by secret
ballot, starting at the position of President and working downward in rank.
Those members running for the current office shall be allowed time for a short
speech, and then asked to leave the room while the voting takes place. If the
voting takes place electronically, each candidate will submit a bio to be place
online with the ballot instead of giving a short speech. The votes will then be
counted if done in person or revealed if done electronically. In the event that
the membership wishes to impeach an officer or advisor, the impeachment
proceeding must be initiated by a unanimous decision from the remaining members
of the executive board, or in the case of the Advisor, all executive board
members. If an officer is being impeached, a written list of charges must then
be brought to the Advisor, who will review the written charges and make a
decision whether to proceed with the impeachment process. The matter will then
be announced to the membership in the formal meeting announcement, and voted on
at the next meeting. The Advisor must be present at the impeachment meeting and
the written charges must be presented to the general membership. The accused
will then be given the opportunity to make a rebuttal, and a vote will then be
taken. The impeachment must be approved by a two-thirds majority of the voting
membership.







The duties of the President shall be: To call and preside at all general,
special, and executive meetings. To appoint all committees and committee
chairpersons of this Chapter. To raise funding for ACM and all of the SIGs. The
duties of the Vice-President shall be: To temporarily assume the duties of the
President in event of the President's absence. If the absence is permanent, the
Vice-President shall assume the duties of the President until a new president
can be elected. To assume those duties of the President that are delegated to
him/her by the President. Scheduling of events and meetings. The duties of the
Secretary shall be: To keep minutes of all Chapter meetings. To prepare the
Annual Chapter Report for approval by the Executive Council. To be responsible
for all Chapter correspondence. To maintain and archive records of Chapter
activities. Make fliers and publicize all ACM events. The duties of the
Treasurer shall be: To collect dues and maintain all financial records and
membership records. To produce a financial or membership statement when
requested and to report on the Chapter's financial standings at each meeting.
The duties of the Systems Administrator shall be: Maintain an up to date
website. Maintain and document all significant ACM equipment. Documentation
includes a list of all passwords. This document must be accessible to all
members of the Executive Council. For equipment that is maintained by a SIG, the
Systems Administrator shall make sure that the respective SIGs are keeping
documentation. Assist SIGs with technical requests. 



The Executive Council shall act on all matters not requiring full membership
participation including financial matters. Minutes of the Executive Council
meetings shall be available for inspection by any member of this Chapter and
shall be filed with the Chapter records. Should an Executive Council member be
temporarily unable to perform his/her assigned duties, those responsibilities
may be assigned to another Executive Council member by a quorum of the Executive
Council. The Advisor shall be chosen by the current Executive Council at the
time of election of officers. If a new advisor is chosen, he/she shall be voted
up by the Executive Council and ACM general Membership. He/she shall be a
Missouri University of Science and Technology faculty or staff member having
global membership in ACM and having a genuine interest in this Chapter.






\end{document}
